I'm back again back in the Netherlands
for my trip across the globe reconnected
with my soul so some of my famous some
old friends crashed down back there
trying to be my best man the peeps are
hated back in the day he remains here
don't want a piece of my kid you're
wasting my time turn the other cheek and
keep for more cuz I ain't losing no
sleep and sad to see how peeps right for
cash hope that my brother so thatís
residence for blacks it's all love bro
you my blood yo who need to pay me back
cuz you abroad yo i had to leave i had
to roll up my sleeves and get back the
business and maintained but good genes
maybe one day i'll be back in the hood
but for now imma be here cuz that's
what's feeling good had to come back
maintain the name they call me yes get
ready back the distance back to clean
the college deep it's back and forth
another six the stage where
back the pants back the rhymes and sings
by that yeah d Freddie now I gotta save
touching whole basis obsessed with my
healing up my jaded my estate I'll be
grounded Boggs mound and in frustration
as a distance between us is down but fam
I love y'all cheers of a house well I'll
write the next line with a cheery
disguise it's hard to hide emotions hard
to my connection so deep through the saw
I gain side and gave direction 27 years
old my brains were inspected through the
pictures on all still thoughts for
collecting should I go back said he got
be second-guessing I don't know who our
man can't decide on which section I
wanna live I'd love to be there so I can
provide a gig but for now imma be here
cause in the moment I said I'm back for
a little while to get financially fit
had to come back I maintain the name
they call me yes hey Freddie back there
goes back to Cleveland beings they call
me keep it back and work the night of
six the stage where else back the beats
back the raps and sings by this yeah d
Freddie
back one day yep right now chillin over
here
for the set goals and in a way with
everybody here easily understand